I want to write an article which talks about the 80,000 hours career guide and book. it's a free online organization, free book that they have as a PDF, or you can get the book on Amazon as a hardcover copy. but I want to talk about how important it is for Muslims, especially Muslims in the Arab community, to read this book.

This is it on Amazon

https://amzn.to/4A7XnBB
https://80000hours.org/career-guide/

the reason this is very important is because many people in Arab families, not necessarily Muslim, but Arab families, they really push people to be either doctors, lawyers, engineers, things that have high status, high worldly status, and they don't really focus on what actually is gonna make you good in life and happy

I want to mention that there's nothing wrong with these careers, and if you enjoy it and it matches what it is that you want to do, it matches your lifestyle, the pay that you want to do, everything based on the 80,000 hours book, and what makes for a dream job according to the book, which you can also look it up if you want, then that's totally fine. you should do it. but I'm just saying in the culture, in the Arab culture, it's really an issue. and I encourage all young people before they start to spend their lives on a career, either by focusing their major in college, especially before they choose a major in college, so you don't get into any student loans or any student debt, and waste your time all in the books, meaning studying, studying, studying, for something that you've had no real world practice or application in, and then you get to the point where maybe this is not exactly what I want to do, and you kinda set yourself up for failure that way

It's not that they intended to set you up for failure, but it's that you ended up doing something that's not um what really makes for a dream job, and that's why it's very important for young people to to read this book. It's very short and basically shows you that what you might think will make for a dream job isn't.

Now I also want to relate this to Islam is because we know that for Islam the the most important thing is we're here for a test. We're here to seek the pleasure of Allah. And if Allah is pleased with us and we are pleased with Him, then Allah knows best whatever career we'll do and what will be most beneficial for us. And for the sake of Allah subhanahu wa ta'ala.

But as most of me we should always be focusing on how we can do the most good for our communities, for people, for humanity, for wherever and whoever.

Well basically I just want to stress how important it is to read this career guide, especially if you're a young person. It's only a few minutes to read.

Basically the main thing is that you're gonna spend over eighty thousand hours in your career working. So you wanna at least spend a few hours trying to figure out how to pick a good career. And what career is gonna make you happy, good for your lifestyle. And this book, which is also online, shows you and gives you the knowledge on how to do so. And people will be surprised that money is not always the number one factor, especially since happiness for most people does not go up after around sixty thousand US dollars a year or something from the book. You can double check that.
